Add example for "pyfunc.get_model_dependencies", and improve get_model_dependencies pip command prefix printing (#5737)
mlflow/mlflow: examples/restore_model_dependencies/README.md

### MLflow restore model dependencies examples

> The example "restore_model_dependencies_example.ipynb" in this directory illustrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example "restore_model_dependencies_example.ipynb" in this directory illustrates
```

> how you can use the `mlflow.pyfunc.get_model_dependencies` API to get the dependencies from a model URI,
> and then install required dependencies to restore the python environment containing the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
how you can use the `mlflow.pyfunc.get_model_dependencies` API to get the dependencies from a model URI
and install them, restoring the exact Python environment that was used to build the model.
```

> The example "restore_model_dependencies_example.ipynb" in this directory illustrates
> how you can use the `mlflow.pyfunc.get_model_dependencies` API to get the dependencies from a model URI,
> and then install required dependencies to restore the python environment containing the
> precise versions of dependencies used during model training.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example "restore_model_dependencies_example.ipynb" in this directory illustrates
how you can use the `mlflow.pyfunc.get_model_dependencies` API to get the dependencies from a model URI
and install them, restoring the exact python environment that was used to build the model.
```

#### Prerequisites

```
pip install scikit-learn
```

> #### How to run the examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to run the example
```

> Use jupyter to load the notebook "restore_model_dependencies_example.ipynb" and run the notebook.

Reviewer: Launch Jupyter Notebook and run [](./restore_model_dependencies.ipynb)

> Use jupyter to load the notebook "restore_model_dependencies_example.ipynb" and run the notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch Jupyter Notebook and run [restore_model_dependencies.ipynb](./restore_model_dependencies.ipynb).
```
